INTRO: The goal of our project 'Markr' is to crowd source the location of objects and locations that are
typically not kept track of by other more traditional map apps. Markr shows objects of interests near you
by pointing them out with markers, and allows you to vote on markers as good or bad depending on their quality
and accuracy. Markr also allows you to submit the locations of new objects by selecting an object type,
typing in a brief description, and clicking submit when you are standing close to an object of the kind you picked.
The object's location is automatically stored based on your current coordinates.


GETTING IT TO WORK: You will need to move the files into a folder of the CS50 IDE. In the folder that you have chosen to 
store our files, you need to run the terminal commands 'phpliteadmin project.db' and 'run flask' in seperate terminals
in order to start the server and the website. From there, click onCS50 IDE in the top-left hand corner and click 
'Web server'. That should take you to our account login page.


REGISTERING: The first thing that needs to be done in order to use our website is to register a account. To do
this you will need to first click the link to 'register' in the top right corner located on the page banner. 
In order to register, provide us with a username and a password that you type in twice to confirm.


LOGGING IN: After registering an account, you will be redirected to the login page, where you will need to provide
your username and password again. Clicking login will then take you to the Markr map centered around your current
location. You are represented by a red circle that provides a range of where you could currently be.


SEARCHING OBJECTS: Searching objects is quite simple at the moment. In order to search for an object, move your cursor to 
the top left corner of your screen underneath the 'Search' title subdivision. Click on the drop down menu 
that says 'select a category' and click on the object type that you want to find. Currently you can only
search for bathrooms, bluelights and waterfountains, but in the future you will be able to search for even more.
Clicking on the object type of your choice will cause markers to pop up on the coordinates of all submitted 
objects of that type near you.


Clicking on each marker will cause an info-window to pop up containing the object's type, a brief description 
of that object submitted by the user who gave us its location, an 'upvote' and 'downvote' button, as well as a 
score for that object based on its total number of 'upvotes' and 'downvotes'.


VOTING ON MARKERS: Voting for objects is important. It gives the users and admins an idea of which objects are legitimate
and which objects are not... which objects are high quality/should be used and which objects should be avoided.
If you wish to vote an object, simply click 'Upvote' or 'Downvote' after clicking on that objects marker. The 
object's score will be automatically updated in real time. If you wish to revert your vote, click once on the
voting button for the opposite vote-type. Reverting your vote makes it so you never actually impact that objects
score. You must vote again after reverting in order to change that objects total score.


SUBMITING NEW LOCATIONS: In order to submit the location of a new object, make sure that your computer is near that object.
Move your cursor to the 'Submit' title subdivision, and select the object's type from the dropdown menu 
'Marker type'. Type in a short description in the textbox labeled 'Short description' and click submit.
After you click submit, the marker for the object you just submited should automatically appear on your screen
after you refresh the page. The location of the marker on your map should be your current location.

VIEWING YOUR PROFILE: You can view your profile, including your username, points, and submissions, by pressing the 'Account'
dropdown button in the top right corner of the navbar, then selecting 'Profile'.

REMOVING A MARKER: You can remove a marker you submitted from your profile page by clicking the "Remove" button next to the 
marker you would like to remove.

CHANGING YOUR PASSWORD: You can change your password by pressing the 'Account' dropdown button in the top right corner of 
the navbar, then selecting 'Change Password'.
